Captioning sponsored by
MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS
>> Woodruff: IRAN'S SUPREME
LEADER EXPRESSED SUPPORT, ALBEIT
LIMITED, FOR THE NEGOTIATIONS
OVER HIS COUNTRY'S NUCLEAR
PROGRAM, JUST AS A NEW ROUND OF
TALKS KICKS OFF IN GENEVA.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
ALSO AHEAD THIS WEDNESDAY, THE
LAST IN OUR SERIES OF PERSONAL
STORIES FROM HEALTH REFORM:
A DENVER WOM WHOANSE INSURANCE
POLICY WAS CANCELLED.
>> I WAS PLANNING TO KEEP THIS
PLAN FOR THE FUTURE.
THIS WAS NOT A SUBSTANDARD PLAN.
THIS WAS A PLAN THAT WAS GOOD
FOR ME.
>> Woodruff: AND MILES O'BRIEN
SITS DOWN WITH CHRIS HADFIELD,
THE ASTRONAUT WHOSE OUT-OF-THIS-
WORLD DISPATCHES SHED LIGHT ON
LIFE IN SPACE.
>> I COULD TAKE A PICTURE AND
WITHIN MINUTES, TWEET IT TO A
MILLION PEOPLE.
IT JUST FINALLY ALLOWED ME TO
REALLY SHARE THE EXPERIENCE WITH
MANY PEOPLE WHO WANTED TO COME
ON BOARD.
>> Woodruff: THOSE ARE JUST
SOME OF THE STORIES WE'RE
COVERING ON TONIGHT'S
"PBS NEWSHOUR."